1.
What color is Alice’s dress in Disney’s Alice in Wonderland?
Answer:Blue
Red;Blue;Orange;Green

2.
Trivia Question: What kind of animal is Flower in the movie Bambi?
Answer: A skunk
A fox;A raccoon;A skunk;A deer

3.
Trivia Question: What is the name of Belle’s father in the movie Beauty and the Beast?
Answer: Maurice
Gaston;Maurice;Geppetto;Pierre

4.
Trivia Question: In the movie Treasure Planet, what planet do Jim and his mother live on?
Answer: Montressor
Treasure Planet;Palemano;Earth;Montressor 

5.
Trivia Question: In the movie Treasure Planet, what profession is Doctor Doppler?
Answer: Astrophysicist
Astronomer;Medical Doctor;Astrophysicist;Geologist

6.
Trivia Question: In the movie Treasure Planet, what device did the pirates discover on Treasure Planet?
Answer: A portal
A portal;A time machine;A space shuttle;A working public telephone

7.
Trivia Question: In the movie The Emperor's New Groove, Kuzco wants to build an ultimate getaway called?
Answer: Kuzcotopia
Kuzcotopia;Kuzcoland;Kuzcomania;Kuzco World

8.
Trivia Question: In the movie The Emperor's New Groove, Kuzco becomes what animal?
Answer: A llama
An Alpalca;A lion;A llama;A camel

9.
Trivia Question: In what movie does this famous line come from? 
“Ohana means family…family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.”
Answer: Lilo and Stitch
Lion King;Toy Story;Finding Nemo;Lilo and Stitch

10.
Trivia Question: What does Lilo put in Stitch’s bottle in Lilo & Stitch?
Answer: Coffee
Protein Shake;Milk;Coffee;Powerade

11.
Trivia Question: Where does Moana live?
Answer: Polynesia
Papua New Guinea;Polynesia;Australia;Carribeans

12.
Trivia Question: Mulan's fake male name is Ping.
Answer: True
True;False

13.
Trivia Question:  There are seven dwarves in Snow White.
Answer: True
True;False

14. 
Trivia Question: Dumbo's hat is red.
Answer: False
True;False

15.
Trivia Question: In the movie Aladdin, his monkey Abu steals a sapphire from the Cave of Wonders.
Answer: False
True;False

16.
Trivia Question: What do Timon and Pumbaa teach Simba to eat in The Lion King?
Answer: Grubs
Grubs;Grass;Fish;Berries

17.
Where does The Princess and the Frog take place?
Answer: New Orleans
Paris;Mississippi;New Orleans;New York

18.
What kind of animal killed Tarzan's real parents?
Answer: Leopard
Tiger;Cheetah;Panther;Leopard

19.
How does Remy direct Linguini's cooking in Ratatouille?
Answer: By pulling Linguini's hair
By whispering in his ear;By using hand signals;By pulling Linguini's hair;By chewing on Linguini's toes

20.
What kind of wood is Pinocchio made of?
Answer: Oak
Spruce;Oak;Pine;Birch

21.
Why do monsters scare the children in Monsters Inc.?
Answer: To generate electricity for their city
To end world hunger;To generate electricity for their city;To keep humans away from them;To change the weather in their city

22.
What is Experiment 626 in the movie Lilo and Stitch?
Answer: Stitch
Stitch;A galactic bomb;A ship that will destroy earth;Agent Cobra Bubbles

23.
What did Dash place on his teacher's chair as a joke in The Incredibles?
Answer: A thumbtack
An apple;A stapler;A hamster;A thumbtack

24.
Who states, "Fish are friends, not food" in the move Finding Nemo?
Answer: Bruce the shark
Bruce the shark;Dory;Nemo;Marlin

25.
What are the names of the two mice that serve Cinderella?
Answer: Jaq and Gus
Ben and Gus;Tim and Gary;Jaq and Gus;Tom and Jerry



